rd/iam_policy - tagging support (#18276)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/iam_policy.html.markdown

* `path` - (Optional, default "/") Path in which to create the policy.
  See [IAM Identifiers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html) for more information.
* `policy` - (Required) The policy document. This is a JSON formatted string. For more information about building AWS IAM policy documents with Terraform, see the [AWS IAM Policy Document Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/aws/iam-policy)

> * `tags` - Key-value mapping of tags for the IAM Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of resource tags for the IAM Policy
```
